Add JumpCloud plugin initial tables, docs (#2)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-jumpcloud: docs/tables/jumpcloud_organization.md

# Table: jumpcloud_organization

> List all the JumpCloud organizations along with the settings and billing information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JumpCloud organization table lists all the organizations along with the settings and billing information.
```

## Examples

### Basic info

```sql
select
  display_name,
  id,
  logo_url,
  created
from
  jumpcloud_organization;
```

### List organizations with no payment options configured

```sql
select
  display_name,
  id,
  logo_url,
  created
from
  jumpcloud_organization
where

>   not has_credit_card;

Reviewer: From the column data, I see that we have payment methods apart from credit card. I think we need to update the query to include that information.

```

### Check if password requires minimum length of 14 or greater

```sql
select
  display_name,
  id,
  settings -> 'passwordPolicy' ->> 'minLength' as password_min_length
from
  jumpcloud_organization;

> ```

Reviewer: Please update the query to check if the minimum length is 14 or not.

### Check if password expires within 90 days or less

```sql
select
  display_name,
  id,
  settings -> 'passwordPolicy' -> 'passwordExpirationInDays' as password_min_length
from
  jumpcloud_organization;

> ```

Reviewer: Please update the query to check if the password expiration date is set to a max of 90 days.
